Update wallpaper for eos6 (#61)
endlessm/eos-media: README.md

eos-media
=========

default media for EOS

Updating the default wallpaper
------------------------------

As of Endless OS 6, we provide a dark variant of the default wallpaper

1. Add the new wallpapers to `default_files/default_images/`
2. Update the paths to those wallpapers in `default_files/meson.build`
3. Add licensing information to `default_files/default_images/LICENSE.tsv`

> Since the wallpapers are renamed during the build process, the default wallpaper XML does not need to be updated.

Reviewer: Strictly speaking they're not renamed but installed twice under different names: once as `usr/share/eos-media/desktop-background-C.jpg` and once as `/usr/share/eos-media/default_images/eos6-mountains.jpg`.

Author: ```suggestion
Since the default wallpapers are also installed with a standardized default file name during the build process, the dynamic wallpaper XML does not need to be updated.
```
